# AnimatorControllerMerger

日本語版(Japanese) : [README_ja.md](README_ja.md)

## Features
- You can merge multiple AnimatorControllers into a single AnimatorController.
- You can save the settings of which AnimatorControllers to merge and where to merge these. 
  - This allows you to run the merges with the same settings as many times as you want.
- You can run all configured merges at once and the merges are performed in the order of these settings files' names.
  - This allows you to combine multiple merge settings to generate a complex AnimationController.



## Install

### Install via Unity Package Manager

Add the following URL in Unity Package Manager. `https://github.com/sakano/AnimatorControllerMerger.git?path=Assets/Biscrat/AnimatorControllerMerger`

### Install via UnityPackage

Download the latest version from the [Releases](https://github.com/sakano/AnimatorControllerMerger/releases) page.



## Introduction

### Run a simple merge

Firstly, you need to create a settings file to merge AnimatorControllers.

1. Right-click on the Project Window and select `Create > Biscrat > New Animator Controller Merge Setting`
2. Select the settings file you just created.
3. Configure the settings in the inspector: `Source Animator Controllers` will be merged into the `Destination Animator Controller`. Note that the current state of the destination AnimatorController will be cleared.

Then click the `Merge` button to perform the merge.

### Run all configured merges

You can run all settings files by clicking on the menu `Tools > Biscrat > Run All Merge Settings`.

The settings files are executed in the order of these names. For example, "00_FirstMerge" is performed before "10_NextMerge". This means that the AnimatorController generated by "00_FirstMerge" can be further merged with "10_NextMerge".
